Clean up PSK provisions (#691)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

    * The `group_id`, `version`, and `cipher_suite` fields in the Welcome
      message MUST be the same as the corresponding fields in the ReInit
      proposal.

>     * The `epoch` in the Welcome message MUST be 1.

Author: ```suggestion
```

    * The Welcome MUST specify a PreSharedKey of type `resumption` with usage
      `reinit`.  The `group_id` must match the old group, and the `epoch` must

>       indicate the epoch after the Commit covering the ReInit.

Reviewer: The above line about "epoch must be 1" conflicts with this line that "epoch must be +1 the last Commit"

Author: Good point, reverted.

} PreSharedKey;
~~~

> A PreSharedKey proposal MUST NOT contain a PSK of type `resumption` and usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PreSharedKey proposal MUST NOT contain a PSK of type `resumption` that has usage
```
